-LRB- A -RRB- rare , beautiful film .
-LRB- Drumline -RRB- is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
-LRB- Schweiger is -RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
-LRB- Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
... Blade II is more enjoyable than the original .
... Hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous , starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
... always remains movingly genuine .
... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
... an inviting piece of film .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
... has virtually no script at all ...
... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .
... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
... the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs .
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
... too dull to enjoy .
... too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
A 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode TV series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
A TV episode inflated past its natural length .
A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
A benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
A bit of an unwieldy mess .
A blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .
A boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
A bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
A bravura exercise in emptiness .
A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
A broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
A byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
A captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
A carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
A chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .
A charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
A clever blend of fact and fiction .
A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
A cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
A comic gem with some serious sparkles .
A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
A cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
A cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
A deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
A deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
A deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
A didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane .
A dreadful live-action movie .
A dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans .
A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
A fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
A fascinating and fun film .
A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .
A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .
A film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
A film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
A film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : You experience it as you watch .
A frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .
A free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
A frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
A gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
A gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .